Add a walkthrough for the GCP Plugin (#408)
falcosecurity/plugins: plugins/gcpaudit/walkthrough.md

* Create and manage pub/sub topics
* Access GCP audit logs and create custom GCP Logging sinks

You will also need to have the gcloud command line tool installed on your local machine or use Cloud Shell (which already has gcloud installed). 

Make sure you know the project ID of your GCP project. 

Finally, to build the plugin, you will need to have both Git and Go 1.17 or greater. If you use Cloud Shell, both tools are already installed for you. 

#### Step 1: Configure the GCP services

In this section, you’ll configure the necessary backend GCP services. 

**NOTE**: This walkthrough creates resources that could incur charges against your GCP bill. The easiest way to reduce charges is to use a project that can be deleted when you are finished. Alternatively, you will need to delete the resources you created manually upon creation. There are instructions on how to do this at the end of the walkthrough. 

To begin make sure you’re authenticated to your GCP account in gcloud and you’ve selected the appropriate project.

```
gcloud auth login 
gcloud config set project [project id]
```

It is helpful later on to have your GCP project ID configured in an environment variable.

> ```shell
> export PROJECT_ID="[project id]"
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
export PROJECT_ID="[project id]"
```
```

### GCP Audit Logs Plugin Overview

As the name suggests, the GCP Audit Logs plugin ingests GCP Audit Logs for several key GCP services. 

> The  plugin uses an optimized GCP logging sink to send the most critical events from the monitored services to a user-defined Pub/Sub subscription. The GCP Audit Logs plugin subscribes to the Pub/Sub topic. It forwards the events from Pub/Sub to the Falco engine, which then filters the events and enriches the output with [custom metadata](https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugins/tree/master/plugins/gcpaudit#supported-fields). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An optimized GCP logging sink is used to send the most critical events from the monitored services to a user-defined Pub/Sub subscription. 
```

* Create and manage compute instances
* Create and manage pub/sub topics
* Access GCP audit logs and create custom GCP Logging sinks

You will also need to have the gcloud command line tool installed on your local machine or use Cloud Shell (which already has gcloud installed). 

Make sure you know the project ID of your GCP project. 

Finally, to build the plugin, you will need to have both Git and Go 1.17 or greater. If you use Cloud Shell, both tools are already installed for you. 

#### Step 1: Configure the GCP services

In this section, you’ll configure the necessary backend GCP services. 

**NOTE**: This walkthrough creates resources that could incur charges against your GCP bill. The easiest way to reduce charges is to use a project that can be deleted when you are finished. Alternatively, you will need to delete the resources you created manually upon creation. There are instructions on how to do this at the end of the walkthrough. 

To begin make sure you’re authenticated to your GCP account in gcloud and you’ve selected the appropriate project.

```

>     gcloud auth login 
>     gcloud config set project [project id]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
gcloud auth login 
gcloud config set project [project id]
```

Avoid spaces at the beginning of the lines, they will be pasted too, not convenient.

```

It is helpful later on to have your GCP project ID configured in an environment variable.

> 	`PROJECT_ID="[project id]"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
export PROJECT_ID="[project id]"
```
```

The next step is to create a Pub/Sub topic to receive the output from the GCP Audit logs. 

> 	`gcloud pubsub topics create falco-plugin-topic`

Reviewer 2: surround the code blocks with ``` or it will create strange patterns:

![image](https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugins/assets/4520100/e039b56d-1db2-4fbf-b57c-faf35fc21672)

The plugin uses a Pub/Sub subscription to receive events, so create that now.

	`gcloud pubsub subscriptions create falco-plugin-sub --topic=falco-plugin-topic`

Next, create a GCP Logging sink to filter events and send them over to the Pub/Sub topic you just created. In this example, you use Falco’s recommended sink query, but you can adjust the query as you see fit based on your organization’s needs. 

**NOTE**: You will need to manually add your project ID in the first line of the `--log-filter` parameter (all the quotations make variable interpolation difficult).

```

> gcloud logging sinks create falco-plugin-sink pubsub.googleapis.com/projects/$PROJECT_ID/topics/falco-plugin-topic --log-filter='"projects/[PROJECT ID]/logs/cloudaudit.googleapis.com%2Factivity" AND

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
gcloud logging sinks create falco-plugin-sink pubsub.googleapis.com/projects/${PROJECT_ID}/topics/falco-plugin-topic --log-filter='"projects/${PROJECT_ID}/logs/cloudaudit.googleapis.com%2Factivity" AND
```

Author: @Issif I didn't use the interpolation here because it's already in quotes, which puts ${PROJECT_ID} as a string literal.

```
    sudo cp libgcpaudit.so /usr/share/falco/plugins
    sudo cp gcp_auditlog_rules.yaml /etc/falco
```

Next, you need to edit the Falco configuration file. You’re going to be editing three sections. The first will tell Falco to load the plugin’s rules. The second will instruct Falco to load the plugin (along with the JSON plugin which is also required), and the third will provide configuration information for Falco. 

With whatever text editor you prefer open `/etc/falco/falco.yaml`. 

**Note**: You will need admin privileges to edit the file, so use `sudo` if necessary

Find the `rules_file:` section and add an entry for `/etc/falco/gcp_auditlog_rules.yaml`.

```
    rules_file:
      - /etc/falco/falco_rules.yaml
      - /etc/falco/falco_rules.local.yaml
      - /etc/falco/rules.d
      - /etc/falco/gcp_auditlog_rules.yaml
```

Find the `load_plugins:` section, and add entries for `json` and `gcpaudit`. 

```
    load_plugins: [json, gcpaudit]
```

Finally find the `plugins:` section and append an entry for the GCP Audit Logs plugin. 

**Note**: Make sure to specify your project ID in the last line

```
    plugins:

>       - name: k8saudit
>         library_path: libk8saudit.so
>         init_config:
>         #   maxEventSize: 262144
>         #   webhookMaxBatchSize: 12582912
>         #   sslCertificate: /etc/falco/falco.pem
>         open_params: "http://:9765/k8s-audit"
>       - name: cloudtrail
>         library_path: libcloudtrail.so
>         # see docs for init_config and open_params:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
